Feature/weeping willow workflow (#104)
Arcadia-Science/noveltree: README.md

**2.** Install [`Docker`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/).

**3.** Build the required Docker images (optional - only needed if you've modified the pipeline or are using a custom fork):

```bash
make docker-all
```

Or build individual images:
```bash
make docker-physicochemical-props
make docker-phylo-dist
```

> 

Reviewer: Do we actually want to include these instructions? I guess maybe this is helpful/useful, especially for these more involved docker images?

---

## Running on AWS Batch

NovelTree can be run on AWS Batch for large-scale analyses. To use AWS Batch:

```bash
nextflow run . \
  -profile awsbatch \
  --awsqueue <your-batch-queue> \
  --awsregion <your-aws-region> \
  -work-dir s3://<your-bucket>/work \
  --outdir s3://<your-bucket>/results \
  --input <input.csv>
```

**Requirements:**
- AWS Batch compute environment and job queue must be configured
- Work directory and output directory must be S3 buckets

> - Appropriate IAM permissions for Batch and S3 access

Reviewer: Related to the above, probably worthwhile specifying that all of the workflow docker images also need to be built and hosted somewhere on a repository that can be accessed by the workflow?

For detailed AWS Batch setup instructions, see the [usage documentation](docs/usage.md#running-on-aws-batch).

---

## Building Docker Images

NovelTree uses custom Docker images for specific analysis modules. If you're using a custom fork or have modified the pipeline code, you'll need to rebuild these images.

### Quick Build

Build all required images:
```bash
make docker-all
```

### Individual Image Builds

Build specific images:
```bash
# Physicochemical properties calculation module
make docker-physicochemical-props

# Phylogenetic distance analysis module
make docker-phylo-dist
```

### Technical Details

> All Docker images are built from the repository root with the build context set to ensure access to vendored code in `bin/raas/`. The images are built for `linux/amd64` platform for compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Docker images are built from the repository root with the build context set to ensure access to vendored code in `bin/phylo_dist/`. The images are built for `linux/amd64` platform for compatibility.
```
